OSDOCS-19528 Fix docs for the Developer perspective Observe UI Metrics etc (#117187)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-reviewing-monitoring-dashboards-admin.adoc

[id="reviewing-monitoring-dashboards-admin_{context}"]
= Reviewing monitoring dashboards as a cluster administrator

[role="_abstract"]

> View pre-built dashboards for core {product-title} cluster components to monitor system health and performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use dashboards for core {product-title} cluster components to monitor system health and performance.
```
orig text does not say "pre-built"; that is a technical change statement that probably should not be made in a CQA (unless you know this is true 100%)
